# Data Classification

The following table presents an overview of sensitive data types handled by the system. P1 is designated for highly sensitive data, P2 for sensitive data, and P3 for all other business critical data. This classification system helps prioritize the protection of different types of data based on their sensitivity and criticality.

Understanding and categorizing the types of sensitive data is crucial for maintaining data security and compliance with relevant regulations. By clearly defining the nature of the data handled by the system, appropriate safeguards and controls to protect the confidentiality and integrity of this information can be established. Furthermore, a privacy policy can be developed.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="47"></th><th width="100"></th><th width="143"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>#</strong></td><td><strong>Category</strong></td><td><strong>Subcategory</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>P1</td><td>Login information</td><td>Credentials used to access a system or platform. If revealed, such data can lead to unauthorized access, data breaches, and potential system compromise.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>P1</td><td>Financial Data</td><td>Public wallet addresses and the associated transactional data. If revealed, such data can potentially expose sensitive financial information.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>P2</td><td>Tracking</td><td>IP address, browser fingerprint and session ids. However, these data used within the system cannot be directly linked to some individual. If revealed, there is the risk of malicious attacks targeting an individual's device or network in general. Also, it may lead to targeted identity theft efforts.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>P2</td><td>Social</td><td>Connections, usual exchanges between accounts and similar activities among public wallet addresses and their analysis. If revealed, such data may lead to exploitation of personal connections, and potential manipulation or misuse of individuals' relationships and activities</td></tr></tbody></table>

The system **does NOT** handle highly sensitive data pertaining to race, ethnicity, political affiliations, biometrics/genetics, health conditions, sexual orientation, criminal offenses, private communications, personal diaries, precise location data, or national unique identifiers.
